Create swaparoo walkthru (#1010)
Agoric/documentation: main/guides/getting-started/swaparoo-how-to-pay-somone-explainer.md

# Swaparoo Contract

> ## How to Pay Someone

Reviewer: This video is an interesting walk-thru of the swap contract, so it might be a good way to address...

 - #940

```suggestion
## How to Swap Assets
```

But most of it is not relevant to "how to pay someone" (#941). The how-to-pay someone part of the contract is mainly:

```js
    const secondDepositFacet = await E(depositFacetFromAddr).lookup(
      secondPartyAddress,
      'depositFacet',
    );

    await E(secondDepositFacet).receive(secondSeatInvitation);
```

https://github.com/Agoric/dapp-agoric-basics/blob/1b7c376328fb2c3cb6a50a32b645c0a0b539732c/contract/src/swaparoo.contract.js#L167-L172

> Watch this short video to understand how payments are made between participants in the Swaparoo Smart Contract.

Reviewer: ok, now the heading is on target, but the one-sentence summary doesn't line up well.

The walkthru covers quite a bit of stuff... the the whole invitation and offer handler flow, twice, with the second one required to match constraints from the first one; plus it includes "paying someone" in the form of sending them an invitation to act as the counter-party in the trade.

maybe...

```suggestion
Watch this short video walk-through of the complete Swaparoo Smart Contract that allows any two parties to trade any digital assets with minimal risk.
```

Reviewer: Maybe the filename should change too?

Reviewer: Did you consider renaming the file and decide against it?

Author: Oversight on my part, let me take care of that real quick...

Author: @dckc - filename changed
